Update database-overview.md (#123711)
Azure/azure-content: articles/oracle/oracle-db/database-overview.md

## Compliance

Oracle Database@Azure is an Oracle Cloud database service that runs Oracle Database workloads in a customer's Azure environment. Oracle Database@Azure offers various Oracle Database Services through customer’s Microsoft Azure environment. This service allows customers to monitor database metrics, audit logs, events, logging data, and telemetry natively in Azure. It runs on infrastructure managed by Oracle's Cloud Infrastructure operations team who performs software patching, infrastructure updates, and other operations through a connection to Oracle Cloud.  
All infrastructure for Oracle Database@Azure is co-located in Azure's physical data centers and uses Azure Virtual Network for networking, managed within the Azure environment. Federated identity and access management for Oracle Database@Azure is provided by Microsoft Entra ID.

> For detailed information on the compliance certifications please visit [Microsoft Services Trust Portal](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/)  and [Oracle compliance website](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/multicloud/compliance.htm). If you have further questions about OracleDB@Azure compliance please reach out to your account team and/or get information through [Oracle and Microsoft support for Oracle Database@Azure](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.oracle.com%2Fen-us%2Fiaas%2FContent%2Fmulticloud%2Foaahelp.htm&data=05%7C02%7Cgaurigorhe%40microsoft.com%7C63998718fd1f4f841bae08dc9b83e723%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C638556238934584745%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=m9M8XNbpurDU8m4AQ92WJcEL8G60S%2Bczk8pi7nzdwfc%3D&reserved=0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on the compliance certifications please visit [Microsoft Services Trust Portal](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/)  and [Oracle compliance website](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/multicloud/compliance.htm). If you have further questions about OracleDB@Azure compliance please reach out to your account team and/or get information through [Oracle and Microsoft support for Oracle Database@Azure](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/multicloud/oaahelp.htm).
```
safelinks aren't allowed.
